Feat: Add keyboard with focus node implementation (#909)
flame-engine/flame: packages/flame/CHANGELOG.md

 - Update `Camera` docs to showcase usage with `Game` class
 - Fixed a bug with `worldBounds` being set to `null` in `Camera`
 - `MockCanvas` is now strongly typed and matches numeric coordinates up to a tolerance

>  - Review the keyboard API with new mixins (KeyboardHandler and HasKeyboardHandlerComponents), focus node on the game widget and keyboard handling in the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Reviewed the keyboard API with new mixins (`KeyboardHandler` and `HasKeyboardHandlerComponents`)
 - Added `FocusNode` on the game widget and improved keyboard handling in the game.
```
